hey guys it's Tara Walker here and today
i am bringing you my everyday skincare
routine so let's just get started
for my cleansers i like to use the lorry
oh my sugar water alcohol
Cetaphil and my Neutrogena makeup wipes
and i want to let you guys know that
this video is not sponsored so every
product you see i buy with my own money
so i always take my Neutrogena makeup
wipes no matter if i have makeup on it's
just a habit i like to make sure my skin
is super clean once i'm finished this
cleansing process because i know a lot
of people still tend to have makeup on
or they don't always clean they don't
always get all the dirt off their face
so i like to make sure everything is
gone and I like to get my neck off stuff
I'm gonna go in again with my micellar
water by L'Oreal and I'm going to clean
my face one more time
now I am going to drench my face in
water and then I'm gonna take my
Cetaphil cleanser and I'm going to start
cleaning my face this cleanser does have
alcohol in it and I already have dry
skin but I really like to have dry skin
sometimes because it dries out the
pimples it dries out bumps it dries out
anything that you have so that's why I
do use the Cetaphil and this stuff has
changed my life you guys and it's from
the drugstore all the cleansers that I
use are from the drugstore now these are
my masks once I finish cleaning my face
I take one of these masks and I
typically go for the glam glow
brightening mask because this has
honestly when I tell you this product
has changed my life you guys and it's on
the pricier side but it's definitely
definitely worth it because you wake up
with your skin bright youthful glowing
I'm telling you guys try it it is
amazing so I applied this on my face and
once I rub all of that in I am going to
rinse that off
also you guys will notice while I'm
cleansing my face and applying my mask I
do use my hands because it's one of the
cleanest things that you can use to
clean your face because typically if you
were using a rag or brush you can have
bacteria on it so I just like to use my
hands now once I'm done rinsing off that
mask I do take a dry clean rag and I dry
my face off
now for my moisturizers I absolutely
love the glam glow thirsty mud it is
amazing but for today I'm going to use
the glossy a moisturizer and the for
Sally rose gold oil and all of these
moisturizers are amazing you guys
amazing amazing amazing and I always
moisturize my face before I'm putting on
makeup or in the mornings that is the
only time I do this step I do not
moisturize my skin at night before I go
to bed because I like for I like to go
to sleep with the dry skin so I can wake
up my skin is absolutely flawless you
guys it's just I don't like to sleep
with oils on my face I feel like I will
break out and I know I will break out
four effects so it works for me I mean I
work for everyone but
that's just my skincare routine I hope
you guys enjoy this video if you enjoyed
it definitely like this video subscribe
if you're not subscribed and comment
down below if you use any of these
products I would like to know or if you
try out the products or you're
interested in the product I love you
guys so much and I will see you guys in
my next video bye guys